<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_how_to_wash_with_stackable_machines">
  <title>Washing Clothes in Stackable Laundry Machines</title>
  <shortdesc>Instructions for using stackable laundry machines commonly found in shared housing facilities.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>Bring your own laundry detergent, fabric softener, bleach, and any other cleaning agents you would like to use.</p>
    </prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Put dirty clothes in the washing machine drum located at the bottom of the stackable unit.</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>Separate clothes by color and fabric type to prevent damage or color bleeding (optional).</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Add the appropriate amount of detergent to the washing machine.</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>For pods, place it in the washing machine drum before adding clothes.</choice>
          <choice>For liquid or powdered detergent, use the detergent compartment in the pull-out drawer, typically located on the top section of the machine.</choice>
          <choice>Optional: Add bleach and/or fabric softener to their respective compartments in the drawer.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Close the washing machine door securely.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Select the appropriate wash settings on the control panel, usually located above the washing machine door.</cmd>
        <info>Note: Settings will reset to default after each use, so check the panel before starting a wash cycle.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Press the start button to begin washing.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <postreq>
      <p>Set a personal timer to keep track of the remaining wash and dry time.</p>
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>